I guess I should have known from the
beginning it was gonna be one of those
days his name is Jerry Mitchell hi Jerry
Jerry Jerry Jerry hi I'm Jerry Mitchell
I'm with the school paper he just met
the new kid in school as the closest
thing to Charlie Manson ever seen Weaver
now we're gonna have a fight today after
school
he's got six hours to get out of it it's
been quite a morning Jerry you say that
again you try running so I wouldn't
leave school without a good reason
he'll try bribery
if I can get their money you think you
do it for me Revell will never bother
you again guaranteed he'll drive robbery
till finally the fight is on you and me
in the parking lot three o'clock Jerry's
got a lot on his mind
ten seconds but he's not thinking about
math or English five seconds because at
3 o'clock he's gonna make history there
isn't gonna be any fight today